PhASAR v1218
A LLVM-based static analysis framework

--- Configuration ---
Project ID: myphasarproject
Graph ID: 123456
Module(s): main.ll 
Data-flow analysis: plugin 
WPA: 1
Mem2reg: 0
Print edge recorder: 0
Analysis plugin(s): 
/home/sebastian/.qt-creator-workspace/build-Phasar-Desktop-Debug/IFDSEnvironmentVariableTracing/libIFDSEnvironmentVariableTracing.so
Output: results.json
All modules loaded
PTG construction ...
PTG construction ended
DONE
init - makeIFDSEnvironmentVariableTracing
initialSeeds()
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %retval = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !12

Got operands checking instruction (alloca)
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13

Got operands checking instruction (alloca)
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %untainted = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !14

Got operands checking instruction (alloca)
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15

Got operands checking instruction (alloca)
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16

Got operands checking instruction (alloca)
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17

Got operands checking instruction (alloca)
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18

Got operands checking instruction (alloca)
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19

Got operands checking instruction (alloca)
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20

Got operands checking instruction (alloca)
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21

Got operands checking instruction (alloca)
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22

Got operands checking instruction (alloca)
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %a29 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !23

Got operands checking instruction (alloca)
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %u = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !24

Got operands checking instruction (alloca)
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %a33 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !25

Got operands checking instruction (alloca)
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %a39 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !26

Got operands checking instruction (alloca)
getNormalFlowFunction()
  store i32 0, i32* %retval, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !27

Got store instruction
getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %rc, metadata !28, metadata !29), !dbg !30, !phasar.instruction.id !31

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %untainted, metadata !32, metadata !29), !dbg !33, !phasar.instruction.id !34

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %taint, metadata !35, metadata !29), !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !37

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call = call i32 @getenv(i8* getelementptr inbounds ([5 x i8], [5 x i8]* @.str, i32 0, i32 0)), !dbg !38, !phasar.instruction.id !39

getNormalFlowFunction()
  store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40

Got store instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %0 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !41, !phasar.instruction.id !43

Got load instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %tobool = icmp ne i32 %0, 0, !dbg !41, !phasar.instruction.id !44

Got operands checking instruction (icmp)
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br i1 %tobool, label %if.then, label %if.end32, !dbg !45, !phasar.instruction.id !46

Got branch instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50

Got load instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %tobool1 = icmp ne i32 %1, 0, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !51

Got operands checking instruction (icmp)
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53

Got branch instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56

Got load instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  switch i32 %2, label %sw.default [
    i32 0, label %sw.bb
  ], !dbg !57, !phasar.instruction.id !58

Got switch instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61

Got store instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br label %sw.bb, !dbg !62, !phasar.instruction.id !63

Got branch instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65

Got load instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  switch i32 %3, label %sw.default3 [
    i32 0, label %sw.bb16
  ], !dbg !66, !phasar.instruction.id !67

Got switch instruction
getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call4 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !71

getNormalFlowFunction()
  %tobool5 = icmp ne i32 %call4, 0, !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !72

Got operands checking instruction (icmp)
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br i1 %tobool5, label %if.then6, label %if.else, !dbg !73, !phasar.instruction.id !74

Got branch instruction
getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a, metadata !75, metadata !29), !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !78

getNormalFlowFunction()
  store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79

Got store instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br label %if.end15, !dbg !80, !phasar.instruction.id !81

Got branch instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108

Got store instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br label %sw.bb16, !dbg !109, !phasar.instruction.id !110

Got branch instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %4 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !113

Got load instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %tobool17 = icmp ne i32 %4, 0, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !114

Got operands checking instruction (icmp)
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br i1 %tobool17, label %if.then18, label %if.else20, !dbg !115, !phasar.instruction.id !116

Got branch instruction
getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a19, metadata !117, metadata !29), !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !120

getNormalFlowFunction()
  store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121

Got store instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br label %if.end27, !dbg !122, !phasar.instruction.id !123

Got branch instruction
getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a28, metadata !147, metadata !29), !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !149

getNormalFlowFunction()
  store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150

Got store instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br label %sw.epilog, !dbg !151, !phasar.instruction.id !152

Got branch instruction
getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a29, metadata !153, metadata !29), !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !155

getNormalFlowFunction()
  store i32 1, i32* %a29, align 4, !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !156

Got store instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br label %sw.epilog30, !dbg !157, !phasar.instruction.id !158

Got branch instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br label %if.end31, !dbg !159, !phasar.instruction.id !160

Got branch instruction
getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %u, metadata !161, metadata !29), !dbg !162, !phasar.instruction.id !163

getNormalFlowFunction()
  store i32 0, i32* %u, align 4, !dbg !162, !phasar.instruction.id !164

Got store instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br label %if.end32, !dbg !165, !phasar.instruction.id !166

Got branch instruction
getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a33, metadata !167, metadata !29), !dbg !168, !phasar.instruction.id !169

getNormalFlowFunction()
  store i32 0, i32* %a33, align 4, !dbg !168, !phasar.instruction.id !170

Got store instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %5 = load i32, i32* %untainted, align 4, !dbg !171, !phasar.instruction.id !173

Got load instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %tobool34 = icmp ne i32 %5, 0, !dbg !171, !phasar.instruction.id !174

Got operands checking instruction (icmp)
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br i1 %tobool34, label %if.then35, label %if.else36, !dbg !175, !phasar.instruction.id !176

Got branch instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  store i32 1, i32* %a33, align 4, !dbg !177, !phasar.instruction.id !179

Got store instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br label %if.end37, !dbg !180, !phasar.instruction.id !181

Got branch instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %6 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !186, !phasar.instruction.id !187

Got load instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  switch i32 %6, label %sw.epilog40 [
    i32 0, label %sw.bb38
  ], !dbg !188, !phasar.instruction.id !189

Got switch instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  %7 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !197, !phasar.instruction.id !198

Got load instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  switch i32 %6, label %sw.epilog40 [
    i32 0, label %sw.bb38
  ], !dbg !188, !phasar.instruction.id !189

Got switch instruction
getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a39, metadata !190, metadata !29), !dbg !192, !phasar.instruction.id !193

getNormalFlowFunction()
  store i32 0, i32* %a39, align 4, !dbg !192, !phasar.instruction.id !194

Got store instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br label %sw.epilog40, !dbg !195, !phasar.instruction.id !196

Got branch instruction
getCallToRetFlowFunction()
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br i1 %tobool34, label %if.then35, label %if.else36, !dbg !175, !phasar.instruction.id !176

Got branch instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  store i32 2, i32* %a33, align 4, !dbg !182, !phasar.instruction.id !184

Got store instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br label %if.end37, !phasar.instruction.id !185

Got branch instruction
getCallToRetFlowFunction()
getCallToRetFlowFunction()
getCallToRetFlowFunction()
getCallToRetFlowFunction()
getCallToRetFlowFunction()
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br i1 %tobool17, label %if.then18, label %if.else20, !dbg !115, !phasar.instruction.id !116

Got branch instruction
getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call21 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !126

getNormalFlowFunction()
  %cmp = icmp eq i32 %call21, 0, !dbg !127, !phasar.instruction.id !128

Got operands checking instruction (icmp)
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br i1 %cmp, label %cond.true, label %cond.false, !dbg !129, !phasar.instruction.id !130

Got branch instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br i1 false, label %if.then22, label %if.else24, !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !131

Got branch instruction
getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a23, metadata !133, metadata !29), !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !136

getNormalFlowFunction()
  store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137

Got store instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br label %if.end26, !dbg !138, !phasar.instruction.id !139

Got branch instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br label %if.end27, !phasar.instruction.id !146

Got branch instruction
getCallToRetFlowFunction()
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br i1 false, label %if.then22, label %if.else24, !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !131

Got branch instruction
getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a25, metadata !140, metadata !29), !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !143

getNormalFlowFunction()
  store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144

Got store instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br label %if.end26, !phasar.instruction.id !145

Got branch instruction
getCallToRetFlowFunction()
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br i1 %cmp, label %cond.true, label %cond.false, !dbg !129, !phasar.instruction.id !130

Got branch instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br i1 true, label %if.then22, label %if.else24, !dbg !129, !phasar.instruction.id !132

Got branch instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br i1 true, label %if.then22, label %if.else24, !dbg !129, !phasar.instruction.id !132

Got branch instruction
getCallToRetFlowFunction()
getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a19, metadata !117, metadata !29), !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !120

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call21 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !126

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a23, metadata !133, metadata !29), !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !136

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a25, metadata !140, metadata !29), !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !143

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a19, metadata !117, metadata !29), !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !120

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call21 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !126

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a23, metadata !133, metadata !29), !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !136

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a25, metadata !140, metadata !29), !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !143

getCallToRetFlowFunction()
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br i1 %tobool5, label %if.then6, label %if.else, !dbg !73, !phasar.instruction.id !74

Got branch instruction
getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call7 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !84

getNormalFlowFunction()
  %tobool8 = icmp ne i32 %call7, 0, !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !85

Got operands checking instruction (icmp)
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br i1 %tobool8, label %if.then11, label %lor.lhs.false, !dbg !86, !phasar.instruction.id !87

Got branch instruction
getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a12, metadata !93, metadata !29), !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !96

getNormalFlowFunction()
  store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97

Got store instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br label %if.end, !dbg !98, !phasar.instruction.id !99

Got branch instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br label %if.end15, !phasar.instruction.id !106

Got branch instruction
getCallToRetFlowFunction()
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br i1 %tobool8, label %if.then11, label %lor.lhs.false, !dbg !86, !phasar.instruction.id !87

Got branch instruction
getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call9 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !89

getNormalFlowFunction()
  %tobool10 = icmp ne i32 %call9, 0, !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !90

Got operands checking instruction (icmp)
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br i1 %tobool10, label %if.then11, label %if.else13, !dbg !91, !phasar.instruction.id !92

Got branch instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br i1 %tobool10, label %if.then11, label %if.else13, !dbg !91, !phasar.instruction.id !92

Got branch instruction
getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a14, metadata !100, metadata !29), !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !103

getNormalFlowFunction()
  store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104

Got store instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br label %if.end, !phasar.instruction.id !105

Got branch instruction
getCallToRetFlowFunction()
getCallToRetFlowFunction()
getCallToRetFlowFunction()
getCallToRetFlowFunction()
getNormalFlowFunction()
  switch i32 %3, label %sw.default3 [
    i32 0, label %sw.bb16
  ], !dbg !66, !phasar.instruction.id !67

Got switch instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  switch i32 %2, label %sw.default [
    i32 0, label %sw.bb
  ], !dbg !57, !phasar.instruction.id !58

Got switch instruction
getNormalFlowFunction()
  br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53

Got branch instruction
getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call4 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !71

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a, metadata !75, metadata !29), !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !78

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call7 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !84

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a12, metadata !93, metadata !29), !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !96

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call9 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !89

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a14, metadata !100, metadata !29), !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !103

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a19, metadata !117, metadata !29), !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !120

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call21 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !126

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a23, metadata !133, metadata !29), !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !136

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a25, metadata !140, metadata !29), !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !143

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call4 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !71

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a, metadata !75, metadata !29), !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !78

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call7 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !84

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a12, metadata !93, metadata !29), !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !96

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call9 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !89

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a14, metadata !100, metadata !29), !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !103

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a19, metadata !117, metadata !29), !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !120

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a28, metadata !147, metadata !29), !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !149

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a29, metadata !153, metadata !29), !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !155

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %u, metadata !161, metadata !29), !dbg !162, !phasar.instruction.id !163

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a33, metadata !167, metadata !29), !dbg !168, !phasar.instruction.id !169

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a39, metadata !190, metadata !29), !dbg !192, !phasar.instruction.id !193

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a39, metadata !190, metadata !29), !dbg !192, !phasar.instruction.id !193

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call21 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !126

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a23, metadata !133, metadata !29), !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !136

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a25, metadata !140, metadata !29), !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !143

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call4 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !71

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a, metadata !75, metadata !29), !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !78

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call7 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !84

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a12, metadata !93, metadata !29), !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !96

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call9 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !89

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a14, metadata !100, metadata !29), !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !103

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a19, metadata !117, metadata !29), !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !120

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call21 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !126

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a23, metadata !133, metadata !29), !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !136

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a25, metadata !140, metadata !29), !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !143

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call4 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !71

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a, metadata !75, metadata !29), !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !78

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a19, metadata !117, metadata !29), !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !120

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a28, metadata !147, metadata !29), !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !149

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a29, metadata !153, metadata !29), !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !155

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %u, metadata !161, metadata !29), !dbg !162, !phasar.instruction.id !163

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a33, metadata !167, metadata !29), !dbg !168, !phasar.instruction.id !169

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a39, metadata !190, metadata !29), !dbg !192, !phasar.instruction.id !193

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call21 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !126

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a23, metadata !133, metadata !29), !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !136

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a25, metadata !140, metadata !29), !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !143

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a19, metadata !117, metadata !29), !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !120

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a28, metadata !147, metadata !29), !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !149

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a29, metadata !153, metadata !29), !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !155

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %u, metadata !161, metadata !29), !dbg !162, !phasar.instruction.id !163

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %u, metadata !161, metadata !29), !dbg !162, !phasar.instruction.id !163

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a33, metadata !167, metadata !29), !dbg !168, !phasar.instruction.id !169

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a39, metadata !190, metadata !29), !dbg !192, !phasar.instruction.id !193

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a29, metadata !153, metadata !29), !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !155

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %u, metadata !161, metadata !29), !dbg !162, !phasar.instruction.id !163

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a33, metadata !167, metadata !29), !dbg !168, !phasar.instruction.id !169

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a39, metadata !190, metadata !29), !dbg !192, !phasar.instruction.id !193

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a28, metadata !147, metadata !29), !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !149

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a29, metadata !153, metadata !29), !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !155

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %u, metadata !161, metadata !29), !dbg !162, !phasar.instruction.id !163

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a33, metadata !167, metadata !29), !dbg !168, !phasar.instruction.id !169

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a39, metadata !190, metadata !29), !dbg !192, !phasar.instruction.id !193

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call21 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !126

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a23, metadata !133, metadata !29), !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !136

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a28, metadata !147, metadata !29), !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !149

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a29, metadata !153, metadata !29), !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !155

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %u, metadata !161, metadata !29), !dbg !162, !phasar.instruction.id !163

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a33, metadata !167, metadata !29), !dbg !168, !phasar.instruction.id !169

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a39, metadata !190, metadata !29), !dbg !192, !phasar.instruction.id !193

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a25, metadata !140, metadata !29), !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !143

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a28, metadata !147, metadata !29), !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !149

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a29, metadata !153, metadata !29), !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !155

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %u, metadata !161, metadata !29), !dbg !162, !phasar.instruction.id !163

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a33, metadata !167, metadata !29), !dbg !168, !phasar.instruction.id !169

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a39, metadata !190, metadata !29), !dbg !192, !phasar.instruction.id !193

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a23, metadata !133, metadata !29), !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !136

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a25, metadata !140, metadata !29), !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !143

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a23, metadata !133, metadata !29), !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !136

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a25, metadata !140, metadata !29), !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !143

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a19, metadata !117, metadata !29), !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !120

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a28, metadata !147, metadata !29), !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !149

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a29, metadata !153, metadata !29), !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !155

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %u, metadata !161, metadata !29), !dbg !162, !phasar.instruction.id !163

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a33, metadata !167, metadata !29), !dbg !168, !phasar.instruction.id !169

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a39, metadata !190, metadata !29), !dbg !192, !phasar.instruction.id !193

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call21 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !126

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a23, metadata !133, metadata !29), !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !136

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a25, metadata !140, metadata !29), !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !143

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call7 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !84

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a12, metadata !93, metadata !29), !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !96

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a19, metadata !117, metadata !29), !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !120

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a28, metadata !147, metadata !29), !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !149

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a29, metadata !153, metadata !29), !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !155

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %u, metadata !161, metadata !29), !dbg !162, !phasar.instruction.id !163

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a33, metadata !167, metadata !29), !dbg !168, !phasar.instruction.id !169

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a39, metadata !190, metadata !29), !dbg !192, !phasar.instruction.id !193

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call21 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !126

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a23, metadata !133, metadata !29), !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !136

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a25, metadata !140, metadata !29), !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !143

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call9 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !89

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a14, metadata !100, metadata !29), !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !103

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a19, metadata !117, metadata !29), !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !120

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a28, metadata !147, metadata !29), !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !149

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a29, metadata !153, metadata !29), !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !155

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %u, metadata !161, metadata !29), !dbg !162, !phasar.instruction.id !163

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a33, metadata !167, metadata !29), !dbg !168, !phasar.instruction.id !169

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a39, metadata !190, metadata !29), !dbg !192, !phasar.instruction.id !193

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call21 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !126

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a23, metadata !133, metadata !29), !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !136

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a25, metadata !140, metadata !29), !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !143

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a12, metadata !93, metadata !29), !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !96

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a14, metadata !100, metadata !29), !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !103

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a12, metadata !93, metadata !29), !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !96

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a14, metadata !100, metadata !29), !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !103

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a12, metadata !93, metadata !29), !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !96

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call9 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !89

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a14, metadata !100, metadata !29), !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !103

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a12, metadata !93, metadata !29), !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !96

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call9 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !89

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a14, metadata !100, metadata !29), !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !103

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a, metadata !75, metadata !29), !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !78

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call7 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !84

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a12, metadata !93, metadata !29), !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !96

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call9 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !89

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a14, metadata !100, metadata !29), !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !103

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a, metadata !75, metadata !29), !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !78

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call7 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !84

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a12, metadata !93, metadata !29), !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !96

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call9 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !89

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a14, metadata !100, metadata !29), !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !103

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call4 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !71

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a, metadata !75, metadata !29), !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !78

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call7 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !84

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a12, metadata !93, metadata !29), !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !96

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call9 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !89

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a14, metadata !100, metadata !29), !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !103

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a19, metadata !117, metadata !29), !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !120

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call21 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !126

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a23, metadata !133, metadata !29), !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !136

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a25, metadata !140, metadata !29), !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !143

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %u, metadata !161, metadata !29), !dbg !162, !phasar.instruction.id !163

getNormalFlowFunction()
  br i1 %tobool, label %if.then, label %if.end32, !dbg !45, !phasar.instruction.id !46

Got branch instruction
getCallToRetFlowFunction()
getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call4 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !71

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a, metadata !75, metadata !29), !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !78

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a19, metadata !117, metadata !29), !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !120

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a28, metadata !147, metadata !29), !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !149

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a29, metadata !153, metadata !29), !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !155

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %u, metadata !161, metadata !29), !dbg !162, !phasar.instruction.id !163

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a33, metadata !167, metadata !29), !dbg !168, !phasar.instruction.id !169

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a39, metadata !190, metadata !29), !dbg !192, !phasar.instruction.id !193

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call21 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !126

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a23, metadata !133, metadata !29), !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !136

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a25, metadata !140, metadata !29), !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !143

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call7 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !84

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a12, metadata !93, metadata !29), !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !96

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  %call9 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !89

getSummaryFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a14, metadata !100, metadata !29), !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !103

getCallToRetFlowFunction()
getCallToRetFlowFunction()
getCallToRetFlowFunction()
getCallFlowFunction()
  %call = call i32 @getenv(i8* getelementptr inbounds ([5 x i8], [5 x i8]* @.str, i32 0, i32 0)), !dbg !38, !phasar.instruction.id !39

getCallFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %rc, metadata !28, metadata !29), !dbg !30, !phasar.instruction.id !31

getCallFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %untainted, metadata !32, metadata !29), !dbg !33, !phasar.instruction.id !34

getCallFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %taint, metadata !35, metadata !29), !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !37

getCallFlowFunction()
  %call4 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !71

getCallFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a, metadata !75, metadata !29), !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !78

getCallFlowFunction()
  %call7 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !84

getCallFlowFunction()
  %call9 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !89

getCallFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a12, metadata !93, metadata !29), !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !96

getCallFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a14, metadata !100, metadata !29), !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !103

getCallFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a19, metadata !117, metadata !29), !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !120

getCallFlowFunction()
  %call21 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !126

getCallFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a23, metadata !133, metadata !29), !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !136

getCallFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a25, metadata !140, metadata !29), !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !143

getCallFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a28, metadata !147, metadata !29), !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !149

getCallFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a29, metadata !153, metadata !29), !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !155

getCallFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %u, metadata !161, metadata !29), !dbg !162, !phasar.instruction.id !163

getCallFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a33, metadata !167, metadata !29), !dbg !168, !phasar.instruction.id !169

getCallFlowFunction()
  call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a39, metadata !190, metadata !29), !dbg !192, !phasar.instruction.id !193### DUMP LLVMIFDSSolver results
--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %retval = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !12, ID: 1 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a, metadata !75, metadata !29), !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !78, ID: 37

D:	%tobool5 = icmp ne i32 %call4, 0, !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !72, ID: 35

D:	%call4 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !71, ID: 34

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30 in function: main
D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21 in function: main
D:	%call = call i32 @getenv(i8* getelementptr inbounds ([5 x i8], [5 x i8]* @.str, i32 0, i32 0)), !dbg !38, !phasar.instruction.id !39, ID: 20

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %call = call i32 @getenv(i8* getelementptr inbounds ([5 x i8], [5 x i8]* @.str, i32 0, i32 0)), !dbg !38, !phasar.instruction.id !39, ID: 20 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: store i32 0, i32* %retval, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !27, ID: 16 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %a39 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !26, ID: 15 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %a33 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !25, ID: 14 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %rc, metadata !28, metadata !29), !dbg !30, !phasar.instruction.id !31, ID: 17 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %untainted = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !14, ID: 3 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %u = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !24, ID: 13 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %a29 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !23, ID: 12 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %untainted, metadata !32, metadata !29), !dbg !33, !phasar.instruction.id !34, ID: 18 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %taint, metadata !35, metadata !29), !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !37, ID: 19 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %0 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !41, !phasar.instruction.id !43, ID: 22 in function: main
D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %tobool = icmp ne i32 %0, 0, !dbg !41, !phasar.instruction.id !44, ID: 23 in function: main
D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25 in function: main
D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %5 = load i32, i32* %untainted, align 4, !dbg !171, !phasar.instruction.id !173, ID: 85 in function: main
D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a29, align 4, !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !156, ID: 77
A:	%a29 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !23, ID: 12

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br i1 %tobool, label %if.then, label %if.end32, !dbg !45, !phasar.instruction.id !46, ID: 24 in function: main
D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %tobool1 = icmp ne i32 %1, 0, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !51, ID: 26 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28 in function: main
D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br label %if.end32, !dbg !165, !phasar.instruction.id !166, ID: 82 in function: main
D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a29, align 4, !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !156, ID: 77
A:	%a29 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !23, ID: 12

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27 in function: main
D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	%tobool1 = icmp ne i32 %1, 0, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !51, ID: 26

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br label %sw.bb, !dbg !62, !phasar.instruction.id !63, ID: 31 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32 in function: main
D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: switch i32 %2, label %sw.default [
    i32 0, label %sw.bb
  ], !dbg !57, !phasar.instruction.id !58, ID: 29 in function: main
D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %4 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !113, ID: 55 in function: main
D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: switch i32 %3, label %sw.default3 [
    i32 0, label %sw.bb16
  ], !dbg !66, !phasar.instruction.id !67, ID: 33 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %call4 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !71, ID: 34 in function: main
D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %tobool5 = icmp ne i32 %call4, 0, !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !72, ID: 35 in function: main
D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%call4 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !71, ID: 34

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br label %sw.bb16, !dbg !109, !phasar.instruction.id !110, ID: 54 in function: main
D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br i1 %tobool5, label %if.then6, label %if.else, !dbg !73, !phasar.instruction.id !74, ID: 36 in function: main
D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%tobool5 = icmp ne i32 %call4, 0, !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !72, ID: 35

D:	%call4 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !71, ID: 34

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a, metadata !75, metadata !29), !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !78, ID: 37 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%tobool5 = icmp ne i32 %call4, 0, !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !72, ID: 35

D:	%call4 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !71, ID: 34

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br label %if.end15, !dbg !80, !phasar.instruction.id !81, ID: 39 in function: main
D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %call7 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !84, ID: 40 in function: main
D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%tobool5 = icmp ne i32 %call4, 0, !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !72, ID: 35

D:	%call4 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !71, ID: 34

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %tobool8 = icmp ne i32 %call7, 0, !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !85, ID: 41 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%call7 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !84, ID: 40

D:	%tobool5 = icmp ne i32 %call4, 0, !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !72, ID: 35

D:	%call4 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !71, ID: 34

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br label %if.end15, !phasar.instruction.id !106, ID: 52 in function: main
D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br label %if.end, !phasar.instruction.id !105, ID: 51 in function: main
D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br i1 %tobool8, label %if.then11, label %lor.lhs.false, !dbg !86, !phasar.instruction.id !87, ID: 42 in function: main
D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%tobool8 = icmp ne i32 %call7, 0, !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !85, ID: 41

D:	%call7 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !84, ID: 40

D:	%tobool5 = icmp ne i32 %call4, 0, !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !72, ID: 35

D:	%call4 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !71, ID: 34

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %call9 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !89, ID: 43 in function: main
D:	%tobool8 = icmp ne i32 %call7, 0, !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !85, ID: 41

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%call7 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !84, ID: 40

D:	%tobool5 = icmp ne i32 %call4, 0, !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !72, ID: 35

D:	%call4 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !71, ID: 34

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %tobool10 = icmp ne i32 %call9, 0, !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !90, ID: 44 in function: main
D:	%call4 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !71, ID: 34

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%call9 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !89, ID: 43

D:	%tobool8 = icmp ne i32 %call7, 0, !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !85, ID: 41

D:	%call7 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !84, ID: 40

D:	%tobool5 = icmp ne i32 %call4, 0, !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !72, ID: 35

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br i1 %tobool10, label %if.then11, label %if.else13, !dbg !91, !phasar.instruction.id !92, ID: 45 in function: main
D:	%tobool5 = icmp ne i32 %call4, 0, !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !72, ID: 35

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%tobool10 = icmp ne i32 %call9, 0, !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !90, ID: 44

D:	%call9 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !89, ID: 43

D:	%tobool8 = icmp ne i32 %call7, 0, !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !85, ID: 41

D:	%call7 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !84, ID: 40

D:	%call4 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !71, ID: 34

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a12, metadata !93, metadata !29), !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !96, ID: 46 in function: main
D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%tobool10 = icmp ne i32 %call9, 0, !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !90, ID: 44

D:	%call9 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !89, ID: 43

D:	%tobool8 = icmp ne i32 %call7, 0, !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !85, ID: 41

D:	%call7 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !84, ID: 40

D:	%tobool5 = icmp ne i32 %call4, 0, !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !72, ID: 35

D:	%call4 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !71, ID: 34

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47 in function: main
D:	%call7 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !84, ID: 40

D:	%tobool8 = icmp ne i32 %call7, 0, !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !85, ID: 41

D:	%call9 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !89, ID: 43

D:	%tobool10 = icmp ne i32 %call9, 0, !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !90, ID: 44

D:	call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a12, metadata !93, metadata !29), !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !96, ID: 46

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%tobool5 = icmp ne i32 %call4, 0, !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !72, ID: 35

D:	%call4 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !71, ID: 34

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br label %if.end, !dbg !98, !phasar.instruction.id !99, ID: 48 in function: main
D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a14, metadata !100, metadata !29), !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !103, ID: 49 in function: main
D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%tobool10 = icmp ne i32 %call9, 0, !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !90, ID: 44

D:	%call9 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !89, ID: 43

D:	%tobool8 = icmp ne i32 %call7, 0, !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !85, ID: 41

D:	%call7 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !84, ID: 40

D:	%tobool5 = icmp ne i32 %call4, 0, !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !72, ID: 35

D:	%call4 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !71, ID: 34

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50 in function: main
D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a14, metadata !100, metadata !29), !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !103, ID: 49

D:	%tobool10 = icmp ne i32 %call9, 0, !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !90, ID: 44

D:	%call9 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !88, !phasar.instruction.id !89, ID: 43

D:	%tobool8 = icmp ne i32 %call7, 0, !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !85, ID: 41

D:	%call7 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !82, !phasar.instruction.id !84, ID: 40

D:	%call4 = call i32 (...) @bar(), !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !71, ID: 34

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	%tobool5 = icmp ne i32 %call4, 0, !dbg !68, !phasar.instruction.id !72, ID: 35

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53 in function: main
D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %tobool17 = icmp ne i32 %4, 0, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !114, ID: 56 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	%4 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !113, ID: 55

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br label %if.end31, !dbg !159, !phasar.instruction.id !160, ID: 79 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a29, align 4, !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !156, ID: 77
A:	%a29 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !23, ID: 12

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br label %if.end27, !phasar.instruction.id !146, ID: 72 in function: main
D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br i1 %tobool17, label %if.then18, label %if.else20, !dbg !115, !phasar.instruction.id !116, ID: 57 in function: main
D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%tobool17 = icmp ne i32 %4, 0, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !114, ID: 56

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	%4 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !113, ID: 55

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a19, metadata !117, metadata !29), !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !120, ID: 58 in function: main
D:	%4 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !113, ID: 55

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%tobool17 = icmp ne i32 %4, 0, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !114, ID: 56

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59 in function: main
D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a19, metadata !117, metadata !29), !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !120, ID: 58

D:	%tobool17 = icmp ne i32 %4, 0, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !114, ID: 56

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	%4 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !113, ID: 55

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br label %if.end27, !dbg !122, !phasar.instruction.id !123, ID: 60 in function: main
D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %call21 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !126, ID: 61 in function: main
D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%tobool17 = icmp ne i32 %4, 0, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !114, ID: 56

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	%4 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !113, ID: 55

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %cmp = icmp eq i32 %call21, 0, !dbg !127, !phasar.instruction.id !128, ID: 62 in function: main
D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%call21 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !126, ID: 61

D:	%tobool17 = icmp ne i32 %4, 0, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !114, ID: 56

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	%4 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !113, ID: 55

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br label %if.end26, !dbg !138, !phasar.instruction.id !139, ID: 68 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br i1 %cmp, label %cond.true, label %cond.false, !dbg !129, !phasar.instruction.id !130, ID: 63 in function: main
D:	%4 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !113, ID: 55

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%cmp = icmp eq i32 %call21, 0, !dbg !127, !phasar.instruction.id !128, ID: 62

D:	%call21 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !126, ID: 61

D:	%tobool17 = icmp ne i32 %4, 0, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !114, ID: 56

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br label %if.end26, !phasar.instruction.id !145, ID: 71 in function: main
D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br i1 false, label %if.then22, label %if.else24, !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !131, ID: 64 in function: main
D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%cmp = icmp eq i32 %call21, 0, !dbg !127, !phasar.instruction.id !128, ID: 62

D:	%call21 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !126, ID: 61

D:	%tobool17 = icmp ne i32 %4, 0, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !114, ID: 56

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	%4 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !113, ID: 55

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br i1 true, label %if.then22, label %if.else24, !dbg !129, !phasar.instruction.id !132, ID: 65 in function: main
D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%cmp = icmp eq i32 %call21, 0, !dbg !127, !phasar.instruction.id !128, ID: 62

D:	%call21 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !126, ID: 61

D:	%tobool17 = icmp ne i32 %4, 0, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !114, ID: 56

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	%4 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !113, ID: 55

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a23, metadata !133, metadata !29), !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !136, ID: 66 in function: main
D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%cmp = icmp eq i32 %call21, 0, !dbg !127, !phasar.instruction.id !128, ID: 62

D:	%call21 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !126, ID: 61

D:	%tobool17 = icmp ne i32 %4, 0, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !114, ID: 56

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	%4 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !113, ID: 55

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67 in function: main
D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a23, metadata !133, metadata !29), !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !136, ID: 66

D:	%cmp = icmp eq i32 %call21, 0, !dbg !127, !phasar.instruction.id !128, ID: 62

D:	%call21 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !126, ID: 61

D:	%tobool17 = icmp ne i32 %4, 0, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !114, ID: 56

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	%4 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !113, ID: 55

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a25, metadata !140, metadata !29), !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !143, ID: 69 in function: main
D:	%tobool17 = icmp ne i32 %4, 0, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !114, ID: 56

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%cmp = icmp eq i32 %call21, 0, !dbg !127, !phasar.instruction.id !128, ID: 62

D:	%call21 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !126, ID: 61

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	%4 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !113, ID: 55

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70 in function: main
D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a25, metadata !140, metadata !29), !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !143, ID: 69

D:	%cmp = icmp eq i32 %call21, 0, !dbg !127, !phasar.instruction.id !128, ID: 62

D:	%call21 = call i32 (...) @foo(), !dbg !124, !phasar.instruction.id !126, ID: 61

D:	%tobool17 = icmp ne i32 %4, 0, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !114, ID: 56

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	%4 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !111, !phasar.instruction.id !113, ID: 55

D:	%3 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !64, !phasar.instruction.id !65, ID: 32

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	%2 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !54, !phasar.instruction.id !56, ID: 28

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a28, metadata !147, metadata !29), !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !149, ID: 73 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74 in function: main
D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a28, metadata !147, metadata !29), !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !149, ID: 73

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br label %sw.epilog, !dbg !151, !phasar.instruction.id !152, ID: 75 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a29, metadata !153, metadata !29), !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !155, ID: 76 in function: main
D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: store i32 1, i32* %a29, align 4, !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !156, ID: 77 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a29, metadata !153, metadata !29), !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !155, ID: 76

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br label %sw.epilog30, !dbg !157, !phasar.instruction.id !158, ID: 78 in function: main
D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a29, align 4, !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !156, ID: 77
A:	%a29 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !23, ID: 12

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %u, metadata !161, metadata !29), !dbg !162, !phasar.instruction.id !163, ID: 80 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a29, align 4, !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !156, ID: 77
A:	%a29 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !23, ID: 12

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	br i1 %tobool1, label %if.then2, label %if.end31, !dbg !52, !phasar.instruction.id !53, ID: 27
L:	if.end31

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: store i32 0, i32* %u, align 4, !dbg !162, !phasar.instruction.id !164, ID: 81 in function: main
D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a29, align 4, !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !156, ID: 77
A:	%a29 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !23, ID: 12

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	%1 = load i32, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !47, !phasar.instruction.id !50, ID: 25

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a33, metadata !167, metadata !29), !dbg !168, !phasar.instruction.id !169, ID: 83 in function: main
D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a29, align 4, !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !156, ID: 77
A:	%a29 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !23, ID: 12

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: store i32 0, i32* %a33, align 4, !dbg !168, !phasar.instruction.id !170, ID: 84 in function: main
D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a29, align 4, !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !156, ID: 77
A:	%a29 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !23, ID: 12

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %tobool34 = icmp ne i32 %5, 0, !dbg !171, !phasar.instruction.id !174, ID: 86 in function: main
D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a29, align 4, !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !156, ID: 77
A:	%a29 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !23, ID: 12

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %6 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !186, !phasar.instruction.id !187, ID: 92 in function: main
D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a29, align 4, !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !156, ID: 77
A:	%a29 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !23, ID: 12

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br label %if.end37, !phasar.instruction.id !185, ID: 91 in function: main
D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a29, align 4, !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !156, ID: 77
A:	%a29 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !23, ID: 12

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br i1 %tobool34, label %if.then35, label %if.else36, !dbg !175, !phasar.instruction.id !176, ID: 87 in function: main
D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a29, align 4, !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !156, ID: 77
A:	%a29 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !23, ID: 12

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: store i32 1, i32* %a33, align 4, !dbg !177, !phasar.instruction.id !179, ID: 88 in function: main
D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a29, align 4, !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !156, ID: 77
A:	%a29 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !23, ID: 12

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br label %if.end37, !dbg !180, !phasar.instruction.id !181, ID: 89 in function: main
D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a29, align 4, !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !156, ID: 77
A:	%a29 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !23, ID: 12

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: store i32 2, i32* %a33, align 4, !dbg !182, !phasar.instruction.id !184, ID: 90 in function: main
D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a29, align 4, !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !156, ID: 77
A:	%a29 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !23, ID: 12

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: %7 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !197, !phasar.instruction.id !198, ID: 97 in function: main
D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 0, i32* %a39, align 4, !dbg !192, !phasar.instruction.id !194, ID: 95
A:	%a39 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !26, ID: 15

D:	switch i32 %6, label %sw.epilog40 [
    i32 0, label %sw.bb38
  ], !dbg !188, !phasar.instruction.id !189, ID: 93
L:	sw.epilog40

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a29, align 4, !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !156, ID: 77
A:	%a29 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !23, ID: 12

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: br label %sw.epilog40, !dbg !195, !phasar.instruction.id !196, ID: 96 in function: main
D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 0, i32* %a39, align 4, !dbg !192, !phasar.instruction.id !194, ID: 95
A:	%a39 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !26, ID: 15

D:	switch i32 %6, label %sw.epilog40 [
    i32 0, label %sw.bb38
  ], !dbg !188, !phasar.instruction.id !189, ID: 93
L:	sw.epilog40

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a29, align 4, !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !156, ID: 77
A:	%a29 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !23, ID: 12

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: switch i32 %6, label %sw.epilog40 [
    i32 0, label %sw.bb38
  ], !dbg !188, !phasar.instruction.id !189, ID: 93 in function: main
D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a29, align 4, !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !156, ID: 77
A:	%a29 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !23, ID: 12

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	%6 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !186, !phasar.instruction.id !187, ID: 92

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a39, metadata !190, metadata !29), !dbg !192, !phasar.instruction.id !193, ID: 94 in function: main
D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	switch i32 %6, label %sw.epilog40 [
    i32 0, label %sw.bb38
  ], !dbg !188, !phasar.instruction.id !189, ID: 93
L:	sw.epilog40

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a29, align 4, !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !156, ID: 77
A:	%a29 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !23, ID: 12

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: store i32 0, i32* %a39, align 4, !dbg !192, !phasar.instruction.id !194, ID: 95 in function: main
D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	call void @llvm.dbg.declare(metadata i32* %a39, metadata !190, metadata !29), !dbg !192, !phasar.instruction.id !193, ID: 94

D:	switch i32 %6, label %sw.epilog40 [
    i32 0, label %sw.bb38
  ], !dbg !188, !phasar.instruction.id !189, ID: 93
L:	sw.epilog40

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a29, align 4, !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !156, ID: 77
A:	%a29 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !23, ID: 12

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

--- IFDS START RESULT RECORD ---
N: ret i32 %7, !dbg !199, !phasar.instruction.id !200, ID: 98 in function: main
D:	store i32 0, i32* %a39, align 4, !dbg !192, !phasar.instruction.id !194, ID: 95
A:	%a39 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !26, ID: 15

D:	%7 = load i32, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !197, !phasar.instruction.id !198, ID: 97

D:	@zero_value = constant i2 0, align 4, ID: -1

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a29, align 4, !dbg !154, !phasar.instruction.id !156, ID: 77
A:	%a29 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !23, ID: 12

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a28, align 4, !dbg !148, !phasar.instruction.id !150, ID: 74
A:	%a28 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !22, ID: 11

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a25, align 4, !dbg !142, !phasar.instruction.id !144, ID: 70
A:	%a25 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !21, ID: 10

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a23, align 4, !dbg !135, !phasar.instruction.id !137, ID: 67
A:	%a23 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !20, ID: 9

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a19, align 4, !dbg !119, !phasar.instruction.id !121, ID: 59
A:	%a19 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !19, ID: 8

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, alig

n 4, !dbg !107, !phasar.instruction.id !108, ID: 53
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 3, i32* %a14, align 4, !dbg !102, !phasar.instruction.id !104, ID: 50
A:	%a14 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !18, ID: 7

D:	store i32 1, i32* %a12, align 4, !dbg !95, !phasar.instruction.id !97, ID: 47
A:	%a12 = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !17, ID: 6

D:	store i32 %call, i32* %taint, align 4, !dbg !36, !phasar.instruction.id !40, ID: 21
A:	%taint = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !15, ID: 4

D:	store i32 1, i32* %rc, align 4, !dbg !59, !phasar.instruction.id !61, ID: 30
A:	%rc = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !13, ID: 2

D:	store i32 2, i32* %a, align 4, !dbg !77, !phasar.instruction.id !79, ID: 38
A:	%a = alloca i32, align 4, !phasar.instruction.id !16, ID: 5


No IFDS report available!